Currently we have a bunch of balls spawning in a random location.
We have a working border, colliding with them, which makes them stay inside the area.

We want to make the balls move according the the pressure gradiant.
Current i tried to say, Hey! The pressure gradiant is just the the density gradient multiplied by some value.
I am not intirely sure, this is a correct apprach. So next time, i should calculate the pressure, using the gradient somehow.
Then i should use the formulas in the paper, to calculate the pressure gradient. Hopefully this will give a better result...

It would be quite interesting to simulate using two different methods, and see the stability of the simulation, aswell as looking at different
time step, using both the current implicit, and potential future RK4 method...
Then the question is how RK4, with O(dx^4) would actually work, when our interpolation is of O(dx^2) or smt according to the first paper...

Improving the speed of the simulation, by introducing a grid based structure.
FPS before was ~290. This is for 2k particles.
FPS after is ~350. This was also for 2k particles.

This is not all to well, considering that was done without drawing the balls, which takes a majority of the time.
Instead i will implement in a different way.

Instead of just generating the the vector each time, i will sort the particles, so that i can loop directly through them (Nice with the cache)
And the bonus is i only have to calulate it once during each frame, instead of providing the surrounding indices each time.
FPS before is roughly 300 for 2k particles.
The FPS after is roughly 2900, for the same 2k particles.
The behaviour seems to be the same aswell.

Now that we have increased the performance, we can focus on the requirement for timestep, for stability.
In general, we wouldn't wan't a particle to be able to travel through another particle within a single timestep.
Since the speed of sound/information in the fluid is determined by the PressureForce (sqrt(PF) = c), we should simply
require that dt * c < Smoothing radius => dt < Smoothing radius / c.
This might also be fun to test, to see if this is true...

We could also do an adaptive step, as it's unlikely that we have particles that are moving that fast.
For this, we could simply find the fastest particle at each timestep, and apply this speed to find the max deltatime.

I feel like i am in a good place RN, the next thing should be to add more of the forces into the simulation.
After that, i might be fun to implement the RK4 method, and see how it compares.
Then make some fun demoes i suppose!

I want to create different instances, which i can just swap between, and reset.
So now i want to create different init methods, i can just instantiate by using ImGui

Should really give the mouse the ability to change ability:
	Apply forces.
	Spawn/Despawn particles.
	Mabey more?

I should really create more kernals, and test them...
